[docs][serve][llm] Reorganize Ray Serve LLM documentation with user guides and improved navigation (#57787)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/llm/user-guides/index.md

# User guides

> Practical guides for deploying and configuring Ray Serve LLM features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How-to guides for deploying and configuring Ray Serve LLM features.
```
